=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::TrialVersionComment - Add a "# TRIAL" comment after your version declaration in trial releases

=head1 VERSION

version 0.007

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [TrialVersionComment]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that munges your F<.pm> files to add a
C<# TRIAL> comment after C<$VERSION> assignments, if the release is C<--trial>.

If the distribution is not a C<--trial> release (i.e. C<release_status> in
metadata is C<stable>), this plugin does nothing.

=for stopwords PkgVersion OurPkgVersion RewriteVersion

Other plugins that munge versions into files also add the C<# TRIAL> comment (such as
L<[PkgVersion]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::PkgVersion>,
L<[OurPkgVersion]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::OurPkgVersion>, and
L<[RewriteVersion]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::RewriteVersion>, so you would
generally only need this plugin if you added the version yourself, manually.

Nothing currently parses these comments, but the idea is that things like
L<Module::Metadata> might make use of this in the future.

=head1 PURPOSE

This is a rather silly plugin, and doesn't really add any value.  I suppose if
you are adding C<$VERSION> statements with C<[PkgVersion]> it could be useful,
but in that case I think I'd rather patch C<[PkgVersion]> to add the comment
as well, rather than going to all the effort of re-parsing the perl document
again.  I only really wrote this as an exercise in using L<PPI>, to help
diagnose some issues I was seeing with L<Acme::LookOfDisapproval> and
utf8-encoded perl code.

=for Pod::Coverage munge_files

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=for stopwords xdg

Inspiration for this module came about through multiple toolchain conversations with David Golden (xdg).

=head1 SEE ALSO

=for stopwords BumpVersionAfterRelease
OverridePkgVersion
PkgVersionIfModuleWithPod
SurgicalPkgVersion

=over 4

=item *

L<[PkgVersion]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::PkgVersion>

=item *

L<[OurPkgVersion]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::OurPkgVersion>

=item *

L<[BumpVersionAfterRelease]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::BumpVersionAfterRelease>

=item *

L<[OverridePkgVersion]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::OverridePkgVersion>

=item *

L<[SurgicalPkgVersion]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::SurgicalPkgVersion>

=item *

L<[PkgVersionIfModuleWithPod]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::PkgVersionIfModuleWithPod>

=back

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-TrialVersionComment>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-TrialVersionComment@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-TrialVersionComment@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://dzil.org/#mailing-list>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#distzilla> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#distzilla>.

I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

=for stopwords David Golden

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
